how-to-use-virtio-mem-with-kata.md: Update doc to make it clear (#1846)
kata-containers/kata-containers: docs/how-to/how-to-use-virtio-mem-with-kata.md

## Requisites

### With x86_64
The `virtio-mem` config of the x86_64 Kata Linux kernel is open.
Enable `virtio-mem` as follows:
```

> $ sudo sed -i -e 's/^#enable_virtio_mem.*$/enable_virtio_mem = true/g' /etc/kata-containers/configuration.toml

Reviewer: hmmm I think this is QEMU specific, isn't it?  also I don't have `/etc/kata-containers/` in my system, what should I do? :wink:

Author: Updated to make them clear.

```

> ### With others

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### With other architectures
```

Author: Updated.

## Requisites

> Kata Containers just support `virtio-mem` with QEMU.

Reviewer 3: s/support/supports

Author: Fixed.

$ echo 1 | sudo tee /proc/sys/vm/overcommit_memory
```

> Use following command start a Kata Container with containerd.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use following command to start a Kata Container.
```

This shouldn't be specific to containerd, right?

Author: Updated.

```
$ pod_yaml=pod.yaml
$ container_yaml=${REPORT_DIR}/container.yaml
$ image="busybox:latest"
$ cat << EOF > "${pod_yaml}"
metadata:
  name: busybox-sandbox1
EOF
$ cat << EOF > "${container_yaml}"
metadata:
  name: busybox-killed-vmm
image:
  image: "$image"
command:
- top
EOF
$ sudo crictl pull $image
$ podid=$(sudo crictl runp $pod_yaml)
$ cid=$(sudo crictl create $podid $container_yaml $pod_yaml)
$ sudo crictl start $cid
```

> Use following command set the container memory limit to 2g and the memory size of VM to default_memory + 2g.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following command to set the container memory limit to 2g and the memory size of the VM to its default_memory + 2g.
```

Author: Updated.

```
$ sudo crictl update --memory $((2*1024*1024*1024)) $cid
```

> Use following command set the container memory limit to 1g and the memory size of VM to default_memory + 1g.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following command to set the container memory limit to 1g and the memory size of the VM to its default_memory + 1g.
```

Author: Updated.

$ echo 1 | sudo tee /proc/sys/vm/overcommit_memory
```

Use following command to start a Kata Container.
```
$ pod_yaml=pod.yaml
$ container_yaml=${REPORT_DIR}/container.yaml

> $ image="busybox:latest"

Reviewer 3: maybe change it to `quay.io/prometheus/busybox:latest`?

Author: Updated.
